#summary [Text-Only] Report draft


= {Text-Only} Captchacker Project - Report Draft =


== Abstract ==
_Italic style_

== Introduction ==
A CAPTCHA is a program that can generate and grade tests that humans can pass but current computer programs cannot. 

The term CAPTCHA (for Completely Automated Turing Test To Tell Computers and Humans Apart) was coined in 2000 by Luis von Ahn, Manuel Blum, Nicholas Hopper and John Langford of Carnegie Mellon University. At the time, they developed the first CAPTCHA to be used by Yahoo.

CAPTCHAs are widely used, here are some of the common applications: prevention of spam comment, website registration protection, online polls, dictionary attacks prevention, search engine bots, worms and spam... 

So if you wanna be able to viagra spam, hack your sista's or gf's MSN account, check this paper out!


== Problem studied ==

We decided to focus on several captcha types, from basic ones to much more complicated.

Firstly, we studied captchas from Egoshare.com, that can easily be segmented (by thresholding and connected components segmentations).






== State of the Art ==




== Methodology used ==

We decided to focus on the study of SVM based methods.

We decided not to use neural networks because of:
  * their relative opacity
  * the long time needed



== Implementation and results ==

Our source files are freely available on our Google Code Project Home Page (http://code.google.com/p/captchacker).

SVM code parts are based on libsvm(ref).

Image processing parts are based on OpenCV(ref).

We used Python to create all our scripts, which call these libs, or small programs we wrote in C++.

Here are the required libs to run our scripts: libsvm, shutil, ...

Our programs have been tested on WinXP SP2 and Ubuntu 8.04.



=== Step 1: Getting Captchas ===

=== Step 2: Generating databases ====

  * Captcha-based db
  * Simulation-based db

=== Step 3: Building SVM Model ===

=== Step 4: Testing Model perf ===



== Perspectives ==

Harder visual captchas...

New kind of captchas: animated, etc (more difficult, but can be too hard for some people...)


== References ==

Only on the pdf version. - will be available soon.
